capital = 206

oob = "BLR_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.45

set_country_flag = country_language_belarusian
set_country_flag = country_language_russian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	public_safety_secret_police
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	civil_liberties_totalitarian
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = communist
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 2
    moderate_right_wing = 25
    centrist_deocracy = 5
    moderate_left_wing = 18
    communist = 50
}
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_lukashenko
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_gaidukevich
recruit_character = BLR_vincuk_viacorka
recruit_character = BLR_paval_sieviaryniets
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_novosiad
recruit_character = BLR_alyaksandr_kazulin
recruit_character = BLR_aleh_novikau
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_alexandrovich
recruit_character = BLR_igor_karpenko
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_ravkov
recruit_character = BLR_oleg_belokonev
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_potapenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_lotenkov
recruit_character = BLR_vitaly_kireyev
recruit_character = BLR_viktor_hrenin
recruit_character = BLR_ruslan_kosygin
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_zhuk
recruit_character = BLR_anatolyi_bulavko
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_fedin
recruit_character = BLR_oreh_vladimir
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_volfovich
recruit_character = BLR_valeriy_gnilozub
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_kulazhin
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_gurin
recruit_character = BLR_igor_kuzmuk
recruit_character = BLR_vitaly_shkadrovich
recruit_character = BLR_vadim_denisenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_danilchik
recruit_character = BLR_vyacheslav_starkov
recruit_character = BLR_dmitry_lukyanenko
recruit_character = BLR_oleg_dvigalev
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_trus
recruit_character = BLR_igor_golub
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_karev
recruit_character = BLR_valery_shevchenko
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_astrauh
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_panfyorov
recruit_character = BLR_ivan_nebogatov
recruit_character = BLR_vladislav_rozhestvensky
recruit_character = BLR_roman_ivannikov


2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "BLR_2016"
}