capital = 104

oob = "BOS_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_bosnian
set_country_flag = country_language_croatian
set_country_flag = country_language_serbian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	trench_warfare = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	economy_growth
	economy_tax_low
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1998.12.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 1
    far_right = 1
    moderate_right_wing = 38
    centrist_deocracy = 25
    moderate_left_wing = 15
    socialism = 10
    communist = 10
}

recruit_character = BOS_alija_izetbegović
recruit_character = BOS_sefer_halilovic
recruit_character = BOS_anto_jeleč
recruit_character = BOS_mirko_tepšić
recruit_character = BOS_senad_mašović
recruit_character = BOS_dragan_vuković
recruit_character = BOS_husein_tursunović
recruit_character = BOS_mirsad_ahmić
recruit_character = BOS_ivica_jerkić
recruit_character = BOS_marko_stojčić
recruit_character = BOS_gojko_knežević
recruit_character = BOS_kenan_dautović
recruit_character = BOS_tomo_kolenda
recruit_character = BOS_radovan_ilić
recruit_character = BOS_enes_husejnović
recruit_character = BOS_amir_Čorbo
recruit_character = BOS_danis_arslanagic
recruit_character = BOS_zijad_zilic
recruit_character = BOS_leukip_vazda
recruit_character = BOS_berin_torlak
recruit_character = BOS_edin_teskeredzic
recruit_character = BOS_husnija_softic
recruit_character = BOS_nuredin_sedic
recruit_character = BOS_dzemal_sadikovic
recruit_character = BOS_senijad_repuh
recruit_character = BOS_danis_omerbegovic


2006.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
	}
}


2015.1.1 = {
	oob = "BOS_2016"
}

