capital = 48

oob = "BUL_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 280
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_bulgarian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	economy_growth
	economy_tax_low
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	population_growth_decline
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 1
    far_right = 1
    moderate_right_wing = 38
    centrist_deocracy = 25
    moderate_left_wing = 15
    socialism = 10
    communist = 10
}

2007.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		idea_eu_member
	}
}


2014.10.5 = {
	oob = "BUL_2016"
	set_politics = {	
		ruling_party = centrist_deocracy
		last_election = "2013.5.12"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		authoritarianism = 1
		far_right = 1
		moderate_right_wing = 2
		moderate_right_wing = 25
		moderate_right_wing = 6
		centrist_deocracy = 30
		moderate_left_wing = 5
		moderate_left_wing = 10
		socialism = 10
		communist = 10
	}
}
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_kostov
recruit_character = BUL_boyko_borisov
recruit_character = BUL_simeon_sakskoburggotski
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_parvanov
recruit_character = BUL_margarita_mileva
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_panchev
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_karakachanov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_paunov
recruit_character = BUL_krasimir_karakachanov
recruit_character = BUL_volen_siderov_
recruit_character = BUL_boyan_rasate_
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_popov
recruit_character = BUL_andrei_botsev
recruit_character = BUL_yavor_mateev
recruit_character = BUL_tsanko_ivanov_stoykov
recruit_character = BUL_petyo_mirchev
recruit_character = BUL_anatoliy_krustev
recruit_character = BUL_lyubcho_spasov_todorov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_tzonev_dochev
recruit_character = BUL_mihail_popov
recruit_character = BUL_rumen_radev
recruit_character = BUL_valeri_konstantin_tsolov
recruit_character = BUL_kostadin_kuzmov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_iliev
recruit_character = BUL_rusi_rusev
recruit_character = BUL_boyan_stavrev
recruit_character = BUL_plamen_yordanov
recruit_character = BUL_gruda_angelov
recruit_character = BUL_yordan_yordanov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_lefterov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_petkov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimov
recruit_character = BUL_emil_eftimov
recruit_character = BUL_rumen_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_vasilev_yordanov
recruit_character = BUL_kosta_andreev
recruit_character = BUL_mitko_alexander_petev
recruit_character = BUL_boris_petrov
