capital = 279

oob = "CHL_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 400
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	naval_bomber3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber3 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	civil_liberties_free
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 3
    moderate_right_wing = 49
    centrist_deocracy = 3
    moderate_left_wing = 15
    socialism = 10
    communist = 20
}
recruit_character = CHL_eduardo_frei_ruiztagle
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_lagos
recruit_character = CHL_michelle_bachelet
recruit_character = CHL_maria_angelica_basualdo
recruit_character = CHL_guillermo_teillier
recruit_character = CHL_pablo_rodriguez_grez
recruit_character = CHL_humberto_oviedo_arriagada
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_robles_mella
recruit_character = CHL_iván_gonzález_lópez
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_martínez_menanteau
recruit_character = CHL_guido_montini_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_Ángelo_hernández
recruit_character = CHL_ramón_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_urrutia_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_goicochea
recruit_character = CHL_javier_abarzúa
recruit_character = CHL_germán_moreno
recruit_character = CHL_luis_farías_gallardo
recruit_character = CHL_luis_chamorro_heilig
recruit_character = CHL_felipe_arancibia_clavel
recruit_character = CHL_luis_espinoza_arenas
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_peña_leiva
recruit_character = CHL_schafik_nazal_lázaro
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_alfonso_bellet
recruit_character = CHL_andrés_fuentealba_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_hernán_araya_santis
recruit_character = CHL_javier_iturriaga_del_campo
recruit_character = CHL_sergio_retamal
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_tejos_méndez
recruit_character = CHL_fernando_san_cristóbal_schott
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_núñez_kocher
recruit_character = CHL_enrique_larrañaga_martin
recruit_character = CHL_edmundo_gonzález_robles
recruit_character = CHL_felipe_castilla
recruit_character = CHL_eusebio_gorostiaga
recruit_character = CHL_ignacio_ballivián
recruit_character = CHL_esteban_ballivián
recruit_character = CHL_hernando_montt