capital = 37

oob = "DEN_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "DEN_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "DEN_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 80
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_danish

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	naval_bomber3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	force_rotation = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_constitutional_monarchy
	national_development_developed
	welfare_considerable_assistance
	civil_liberties_free
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
	
	centralization_federal
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = FAI
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GRN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
	}
	else = {
		puppet = FAI
		puppet = GRN
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1998.3.11"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	moderate_left_wing = 74.3
	moderate_right_wing = 16.3
	centrist_deocracy = 4.3
	socialism = 2.7
	far_right = 2.4
}
recruit_character = DEN_poul_nyrup_rasmussen
recruit_character = DEN_holger_k._nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_stamer_hedin
recruit_character = DEN_anders_fogh_rasmussen
recruit_character = DEN_bendt_bendtsen
recruit_character = DEN_pia_kjaersgaard
recruit_character = DEN_adam_wagner
recruit_character = DEN_margrethe_ii
recruit_character = DEN_bjørn_ingemann_bisserup
recruit_character = DEN_peter_bartram
recruit_character = DEN_per_ludvigsen
recruit_character = DEN_hanschristian_mathiesen
recruit_character = DEN_flemming_lentfer
recruit_character = DEN_flemming_mathiasen
recruit_character = DEN_henning_bæk
recruit_character = DEN_jørgen_høll
recruit_character = DEN_kim_jesper_jørgensen
recruit_character = DEN_finn_winkler
recruit_character = DEN_max_alt_nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_christian_lippert
recruit_character = DEN_lennie_fredskov_hansen
recruit_character = DEN_jørn_e._rasmussen
recruit_character = DEN_per_orluff_knudsen
recruit_character = DEN_jens_ole_rossenjørgensen
recruit_character = DEN_lasse_harkjær
recruit_character = DEN_søren_andersen
recruit_character = DEN_bjarne_højgaard_jensen
recruit_character = DEN_annecathrine_ribnietzky
recruit_character = DEN_lars_r._møller
recruit_character = DEN_per_hinrichsen
recruit_character = DEN_jess_møller_nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_holm
recruit_character = DEN_birger_mejlholm
recruit_character = DEN_christian_arildsen
recruit_character = DEN_kåre_jakobsen
recruit_character = DEN_stig_Østergaard_nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_jens_bach
recruit_character = DEN_steen_kobberøhansen
recruit_character = DEN_frank_trojahn
recruit_character = DEN_aage_buur_jensen
recruit_character = DEN_finn_hansen
recruit_character = DEN_peter_stamp
recruit_character = DEN_carsten_fjordlarsen
recruit_character = DEN_anders_friis
recruit_character = DEN_torben_mikkelsen
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_ryberg
recruit_character = DEN_edvin_klauman
recruit_character = DEN_alber_krogh
recruit_character = DEN_thorvald_michaelsen
recruit_character = DEN_johan_klauman


2015.7.29 = {
	oob = "DEN_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
		last_election = "2015.7.28"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
		moderate_left_wing = 25.3
		moderate_right_wing = 31.8
		moderate_right_wing = 4.9
		moderate_left_wing = 4.8
		far_right = 2.3
		centrist_deocracy = 5
		socialism = 15.9
		moderate_right_wing = 10
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
		improved_light_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_technology = {
			improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
	
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 2
		name = "Niels Juel class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Thetis class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Nuclear Sub 2
		name = "Tumleren class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_n1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}