capital = 268

oob = "DJI_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 70
set_stability = 0.3

set_country_flag = country_language_arabic
set_country_flag = country_language_french
set_country_flag = country_behavior_dispersed
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	#eng_low
	
	## Industry ##
	#ind_low
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

give_military_access = FRA

add_ideas = {
	national_development_undeveloped
	civil_liberties_totalitarian
	population_growth_explosion
	african_union_member
	arab_league_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1999.12.4"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 29
    centrist_deocracy = 4
    moderate_right_wing = 27
    moderate_left_wing = 38
    communist = 2
}
recruit_character = DJI_ismail_omar_guelleh
recruit_character = DJI_daher_ahmed_farah
recruit_character = DJI_ahmed_dini_ahmed
recruit_character = DJI_sheikh_abdourahman_barkhad
recruit_character = DJI_council_of_emirs
recruit_character = DJI_zakaria_cheikh_ibrahim
recruit_character = DJI_osman_nour_soubagleh
recruit_character = DJI_daher_ali_mohamed
recruit_character = DJI_ali_aden_houmed
recruit_character = DJI_abdourahman_aden_cher
recruit_character = DJI_awaleh_ali
recruit_character = DJI_bassem_osman
recruit_character = DJI_rashid_dato
recruit_character = DJI_moumin_samara
recruit_character = DJI_ibrahim_alfarsi
recruit_character = DJI_zahi_mahamoud
recruit_character = DJI_abu_barreh


2004.9.11 = {       #Ahmed Dini Ahmed is Dead!
}