capital = 305

oob = "ECU_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.45

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish
set_country_flag = country_language_quechua

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

add_ideas = {
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 1
    far_right = 1
    moderate_right_wing = 48
    centrist_deocracy = 15
    moderate_left_wing = 15
    socialism = 10
    communist = 10
}
recruit_character = ECU_gustavo_noboa
recruit_character = ECU_lucio_gutierrez
recruit_character = ECU_rafael_correa
recruit_character = ECU_guillermo_lasso
recruit_character = ECU_winston_alarcon_elizalde
recruit_character = ECU_leonardo_barreiro
recruit_character = ECU_césar_merizalde_pavón
recruit_character = ECU_edison_narváez_rosero
recruit_character = ECU_raúl_banderas_dueñas
recruit_character = ECU_william_orellana_carrera
recruit_character = ECU_roque_moreira
recruit_character = ECU_fabián_fuel
recruit_character = ECU_renán_ruíz_cornejo
recruit_character = ECU_amilcar_villavicencio
recruit_character = ECU_byron_jara_guerron
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_noboa_coronel
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_zumarraga_asanza
recruit_character = ECU_darwin_cisneros
recruit_character = ECU_fidel_erazo_jacome
recruit_character = ECU_francisco_bruque_veliz
recruit_character = ECU_galo_carrillo_moya
recruit_character = ECU_harold_salvador_cadena
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_echeverria_bucheli
recruit_character = ECU_marie_fares_cantos
recruit_character = ECU_aníbal_latorre
recruit_character = ECU_eduardo_lynch
recruit_character = ECU_andrés_corrico
recruit_character = ECU_ladislao_daza
recruit_character = ECU_bernardo_figueroa
recruit_character = ECU_juan_francisco_franco
recruit_character = ECU_antonio_belzú


2013.2.18 = {
	oob = "ECU_2016"
	set_politics = {	
		ruling_party = socialism
		last_election = "2013.2.17"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
    set_popularities = {
        authoritarianism = 1
        far_right = 1
        moderate_right_wing = 2
        moderate_right_wing = 10
        moderate_right_wing = 6
        centrist_deocracy = 15
        moderate_left_wing = 5
        moderate_left_wing = 10
        socialism = 40
        communist = 10
    }
}

2017.5.24 = {

}