capital = 64

oob = "GER_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "GER_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "GER_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 5
set_convoys = 400
set_stability = 0.7

set_war_support = 0.15

set_country_flag = country_language_german

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	national_development_developed
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
	free_trade
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	welfare_considerable_assistance
	GER_bundeswehr_shortcomings
	idea_GER_german_legacy
	idea_eu_member
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1998.9.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	moderate_left_wing = 84
	moderate_right_wing = 6
	socialism = 5
	moderate_right_wing = 3
	far_right = 1
	communist = 1
}

#create_import = {
#	resource = oil
#	factories = 3
#	exporter = NOR
#}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = FRA modifier = franco_german_friendship }
add_opinion_modifier = { target = HOL modifier = german_dutch_military_cooperation }
recruit_character = GER_pierre_vogel
recruit_character = GER_klaus_armstroff
recruit_character = GER_udo_pastörs
recruit_character = GER_georg_friedrich_i
recruit_character = GER_ronald_schill
recruit_character = GER_angela_merkel
recruit_character = GER_wolfgang_gerhardt
recruit_character = GER_patrick_schiffer
recruit_character = GER_gerhard_schröder
recruit_character = GER_joschka_fischer
recruit_character = GER_gregor_gysi
recruit_character = GER_patrik_köbele
recruit_character = GER_volker_wieker
recruit_character = GER_wolfgang_schneiderhan
recruit_character = GER_hanspeter_von_kirchbach
recruit_character = GER_bruno_kasdorf
recruit_character = GER_jörg_vollmer
recruit_character = GER_martin_schelleis
recruit_character = GER_richard_roßmanith
recruit_character = GER_hanserich_antoni
recruit_character = GER_joachim_wundrak
recruit_character = GER_peter_bohrer
recruit_character = GER_helmut_schütz
recruit_character = GER_eberhard_zorn
recruit_character = GER_ansgar_rieks
recruit_character = GER_dieter_warnecke
recruit_character = GER_josef_blotz
recruit_character = GER_dieter_naskrent
recruit_character = GER_karl_müllner
recruit_character = GER_klaus_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_karlheinz_lather
recruit_character = GER_joachim_spiering
recruit_character = GER_rainer_schuwirth
recruit_character = GER_dieter_stöckmann
recruit_character = GER_hanslothar_domröse
recruit_character = GER_werner_freers
recruit_character = GER_egon_ramms
recruit_character = GER_wolfdieter_langheld
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_leinhos
recruit_character = GER_hanswerner_wiermann
recruit_character = GER_franz_xaver_pfrengle
recruit_character = GER_stephan_thomas
recruit_character = GER_walter_huhn
recruit_character = GER_gert_gawellek
recruit_character = GER_carsten_jahnel
recruit_character = GER_volker_thomas
recruit_character = GER_christof_munzlinger
recruit_character = GER_bernd_schuett
recruit_character = GER_jürgen_weigt
recruit_character = GER_dirk_backen
recruit_character = GER_andreas_marlow
recruit_character = GER_jürgen_setzer
recruit_character = GER_thorsten_poschwatta
recruit_character = GER_udo_schnittker
recruit_character = GER_alexander_sollfrank
recruit_character = GER_dirk_faust
recruit_character = GER_markus_laubenthal
recruit_character = GER_ruprecht_von_butler
recruit_character = GER_heico_hübner
recruit_character = GER_frank_leidenberger
recruit_character = GER_gert_hagemann
recruit_character = GER_walter_spindler
recruit_character = GER_manfred_hofmann
recruit_character = GER_dag_baehr
recruit_character = GER_carsten_jacobson
recruit_character = GER_erich_pfeffer
recruit_character = GER_erhard_bühler
recruit_character = GER_gunter_schneider
recruit_character = GER_jörg_see
recruit_character = GER_markus_kneip
recruit_character = GER_werner_albl
recruit_character = GER_oliver_kohl
recruit_character = GER_kai_rohrschneider
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_grün
recruit_character = GER_manfred_nielson
recruit_character = GER_rainer_feist
recruit_character = GER_axel_meissel
recruit_character = GER_henrik_riechert
recruit_character = GER_axel_schimpf
recruit_character = GER_andreas_krause
recruit_character = GER_joachim_rühle
recruit_character = GER_rainer_brinkmann
recruit_character = GER_carsten_stawitzki
recruit_character = GER_thomas_jugel
recruit_character = GER_jan_christian_kaack
recruit_character = GER_christoph_müllermeinhard
recruit_character = GER_jean_martens
recruit_character = GER_axel_deertz
recruit_character = GER_jens_nemeyer
recruit_character = GER_kayachim_schönbach
recruit_character = GER_rainer_endres

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}


### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 1
		name = "Frankenthal class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 2
		name = "Ensdorf class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Bremen class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 2
		name = "Brandenburg class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Destroyers ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Destroyer 1
		name = "Lütjens class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Diesel Sub 1
		name = "Type 206 Submarine"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}