capital = 7

oob = "HOL_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "HOL_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "HOL_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 1000
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_dutch

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	force_rotation = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_constitutional_monarchy
	national_development_developed
	welfare_modest_assistance
	civil_liberties_free
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1998.5.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 0.1
    far_right = 0.1
    moderate_right_wing = 46.1
    centrist_deocracy = 11.2
    moderate_left_wing = 38
    socialism = 5.4
    communist = 0.1
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = GER
	modifier = german_dutch_military_cooperation
}
recruit_character = HOL_wim_kok
recruit_character = HOL_hans_dijkstal
recruit_character = HOL_beatrix
recruit_character = HOL_jaap_de_hoop_scheffer
recruit_character = HOL_els_borst
recruit_character = HOL_paul_rosenmöller
recruit_character = HOL_jan_marijnissen
recruit_character = HOL_constant_kusters
recruit_character = HOL_geert_wilders
recruit_character = HOL_alejandro_de_mello
recruit_character = HOL_tom_middendorp
recruit_character = HOL_leo_beulen
recruit_character = HOL_peter_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_mark_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_dennis_luyt
recruit_character = HOL_richard_oppelaar
recruit_character = HOL_harry_van_den_brink
recruit_character = HOL_jan_broeks
recruit_character = HOL_rob_bertholee
recruit_character = HOL_leann_van_den_hoek
recruit_character = HOL_mart_de_kruif
recruit_character = HOL_hans_van_der_louw
recruit_character = HOL_ton_van_osch
recruit_character = HOL_richard_tieskens
recruit_character = HOL_martin_wijnen
recruit_character = HOL_jelte_groen
recruit_character = HOL_kees_matthijssen
recruit_character = HOL_gerard_koot
recruit_character = HOL_michiel_van_der_laan
recruit_character = HOL_ivo_de_jong
recruit_character = HOL_frank_van_sprang
recruit_character = HOL_nico_geerts
recruit_character = HOL_rob_verkerk
recruit_character = HOL_rob_bauer
recruit_character = HOL_ben_bekkering
recruit_character = HOL_hans_lodder
recruit_character = HOL_rob_kramer
recruit_character = HOL_matthieu_borsboom
recruit_character = HOL_tjerk_wittert_van_hoogland
recruit_character = HOL_quirinus_rijnders


2002.1.1 = { add_ideas = the_euro }

2003.1.1 = {

	
}

2006.1.1 = {

}

2010.1.1 = {

}

2012.1.1 = {

}

2013.4.30 = {

}

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "HOL_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
		last_election = "2013.3.15"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
    set_popularities = {
        far_right = 10
        moderate_right_wing = 2
        moderate_right_wing = 12
        moderate_right_wing = 27
        centrist_deocracy = 8
        moderate_left_wing = 26
        moderate_left_wing = 5
        socialism = 10
    }

}


### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Jacob van Heemskerck class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 2
		name = "Karel Doorman class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Nuclear Sub 2
		name = "Walrus class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_n1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}