capital = 291

oob = "IRQ_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.3

set_country_flag = country_language_arabic
set_country_flag = country_language_kurdish
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	rocket_artillery = 1
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	#eng_low
	
	## Industry ##
	#ind_low
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mass_assault = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

set_country_flag = dominant_religion_islam
set_country_flag = sunni_islam

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	government_system_one_party
	economy_recession
	civil_liberties_totalitarian
	population_growth_explosion
	arab_league_member
	extensive_conscription
}
2005.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		government_system_parliamentary_republic
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = far_right
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 20
    far_right = 42
    moderate_right_wing = 28
    moderate_left_wing = 2
    communist = 8
}
recruit_character = IRQ_saddam_hussein
recruit_character = IRQ_raad_i
recruit_character = IRQ_muqtada_alsadr
recruit_character = IRQ_ibrahim_aljaafari
recruit_character = IRQ_adnan_pachachi
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_chalabi
recruit_character = IRQ_naseer_alchaderchi
recruit_character = IRQ_ayad_allawi
recruit_character = IRQ_khalil_fazil
recruit_character = IRQ_hamid_majid_mousa
recruit_character = IRQ_mohammad_baqir_alhakim
recruit_character = IRQ_yonadam_kanna
recruit_character = IRQ_izzat_ibrahim_aldouri
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_al_ghanimi
recruit_character = IRQ_babaker_zebari
recruit_character = IRQ_qassi_jassem_nazal
recruit_character = IRQ_abud_qanbar
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hassan_almajid
recruit_character = IRQ_mutaa_al_khazraji
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_ali_farhood
recruit_character = IRQ_hamid_al_maliki
recruit_character = IRQ_abdel_wahal_al_saadi
recruit_character = IRQ_qassim_atta
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ghaidan_majid
recruit_character = IRQ_fadhil_jalil_al_barwari
recruit_character = IRQ_nassir_al_hiti
recruit_character = IRQ_najm_abdullah_alsudani
recruit_character = IRQ_sultan_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_sabah_al_fatlawi
recruit_character = IRQ_talib_shaghati
recruit_character = IRQ_saad_maan
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hussain_ali


2004.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
		last_election = "2001.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}#EW
    set_popularities = {
        authoritarianism = 30
        far_right = 15
        moderate_right_wing = 18
        moderate_right_wing = 30
        moderate_right_wing = 1
        moderate_left_wing = 2
        communist = 4
    }
}

2003.8.30 = {	#Saddam is toppled
	add_stability = -0.1
 
	add_ideas = {
		islamic_sectarian_conflicts
	}
}

2006.5.20 = {

}

2009.1.1 = {
}

2016.5.1 = { oob = "IRQ_2016" }

2014.9.8 = {

}
