capital = 2

oob = "ITA_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ITA_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ITA_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 600
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = country_language_italian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	cv_CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	cv_fighter1 = 1
	cv_fighter2 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	naval_bomber3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	force_rotation = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

give_guarantee = HLS
give_guarantee = SAN
give_guarantee = MLT

add_ideas = {
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	national_development_developed
	population_growth_stagnation
	welfare_modest_assistance
	civil_liberties_free
	idea_eu_member
	ITA_mafia
	ITA_corruption
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1996.4.21"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 2
    moderate_right_wing = 45
    centrist_deocracy = 5
    moderate_left_wing = 40
    socialism = 2
    communist = 7
}
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_berlusconi
recruit_character = ITA_massimo_dalema
recruit_character = ITA_gianfranco_fini
recruit_character = ITA_fausto_bertinotti
recruit_character = ITA_pierluigi_castagnetti
recruit_character = ITA_franco_corleone
recruit_character = ITA_pino_rauti
recruit_character = ITA_marco_panella
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_iv
recruit_character = ITA_umberto_bossi
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_rutelli
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_graziano
recruit_character = ITA_claudio_mora
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_serino
recruit_character = ITA_leonardo_di_marco
recruit_character = ITA_riccardo_marchiò
recruit_character = ITA_danilo_errico
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francavilla
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_volatto
recruit_character = ITA_fabrizio_castagnetti
recruit_character = ITA_filiberto_cecchi
recruit_character = ITA_biagio_abrate
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_mannino
recruit_character = ITA_bruno_stano
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_francesco_de_leverano
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_sperotto
recruit_character = ITA_marcello_bellacicco
recruit_character = ITA_luca_felicissimo
recruit_character = ITA_marco_bertolini
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fortezza
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_grassano
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_primicerj
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_vittiglio
recruit_character = ITA_antonino_poma
recruit_character = ITA_gianpaolo_mirra
recruit_character = ITA_gianluca_carai
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_settesoldi
recruit_character = ITA_nicola_terzano
recruit_character = ITA_federico_bonato
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_fabbri
recruit_character = ITA_allessandro_scano
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_santoro
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_musti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_mezzalana
recruit_character = ITA_gianluigi_de_matteis
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_scardino
recruit_character = ITA_marco_piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_andrea_di_stasio
recruit_character = ITA_gianfranco_lauria_pantano
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_perretti
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_vannacci
recruit_character = ITA_aurelio_tassi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_di_pasquale
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cillo
recruit_character = ITA_massimiliano_stecca
recruit_character = ITA_antonello_vespeziani
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_angioni
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_rossitto
recruit_character = ITA_agostino_biancafarini
recruit_character = ITA_salvatore_camporeale
recruit_character = ITA_enzo_vecciarelli
recruit_character = ITA_tullio_del_sette
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_coppola
recruit_character = ITA_giorgio_toschi
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_ritondale
recruit_character = ITA_gabriele_lupini
recruit_character = ITA_valter_girardelli
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_melone
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_pezzuti
recruit_character = ITA_donato_marzano
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_de_giorgi
recruit_character = ITA_stefano_tortora
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_mascia
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_binelli_mantelli
recruit_character = ITA_giampaolo_di_paola
recruit_character = ITA_felicio_angrisano
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_fara


2001.1.1 = {
	complete_national_focus = ITA_diplomatic_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_strenghten_ties_with_west
	complete_national_focus = ITA_befriend_america
	complete_national_focus = ITA_befriend_europeans
	
	complete_national_focus = ITA_industrial_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_north_italian_dev
	complete_national_focus = ITA_south_italian_dev
	complete_national_focus = ITA_islands_dev
	complete_national_focus = ITA_north_infrastructure
	
	complete_national_focus = ITA_ideology_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_what_we_are
	
	complete_national_focus = ITA_military_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_army_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_navy_focus
	complete_national_focus = ITA_air_focus
}

2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}


2013.2.24 = {
	
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
		last_election = "2013.2.24"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        far_right = 1
        moderate_right_wing = 25
        moderate_right_wing = 30
        authoritarianism = 1
        centrist_deocracy = 10
        moderate_left_wing = 32
        communist = 1
    }
	

	
}

2014.1.1 = {
	oob = "ITA_2016"

}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 2
		name = "Minerva-class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Maestrale-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Destroyers ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Destroyer 1
		name = "Audace-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Destroyer 2
		name = "Durand de la Penne-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Missile Cruisers ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Missile Cruiser 1
		name = "Vittorio Veneto-class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Carriers ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Carrier 1 #Not needed for variant, just use type
		name = "Giuseppe Garibaldi Carrier"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Diesel Sub 1
		name = "Sauro-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}