capital = 547

oob = "KEN_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 120
set_stability = 0.2

set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_swahili
set_country_flag = country_behavior_dispersed

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mass_assault = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	economy_tax_high
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_rapid
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1997.12.29"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 16
    moderate_right_wing = 54
    centrist_deocracy = 21
    moderate_left_wing = 2
    socialism = 1
    communist = 6
}
recruit_character = KEN_daniel_arap_moi
recruit_character = KEN_michael_wamalwa
recruit_character = KEN_mwandawiro_mghanga
recruit_character = KEN_katama_mkangi
recruit_character = KEN_moses_wetangula
recruit_character = KEN_raila_odinga
recruit_character = KEN_uhuru_kenyatta
recruit_character = KEN_samson_mwathethe
recruit_character = KEN_julius_waweru_karangi
recruit_character = KEN_musalia_mudavadi
recruit_character = KEN_joseph_kiptoo_kasaon
recruit_character = KEN_robert_kibochi
recruit_character = KEN_david_obonyo
recruit_character = KEN_leonard_ngondi
recruit_character = KEN_samuel_thuita
recruit_character = KEN_johnson_mogoa_kimani_ondieki
recruit_character = KEN_benjamin_biwot
recruit_character = KEN_cyrus_oguna
recruit_character = KEN_levi_franklin_mghalu
recruit_character = KEN_githu_kimathi
recruit_character = KEN_uhuru_muchai
recruit_character = KEN_koitalel_itote
recruit_character = KEN_uhuru_kimathi
recruit_character = KEN_koitalel_mathenge
