capital = 96

oob = "LIT_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "LIT_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "LIT_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = country_language_lithuanian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	national_development_developed
	economy_growth
	economy_tax_low
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	civil_liberties_free
	population_growth_decline
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1996.10.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 5
    moderate_right_wing = 21
    centrist_deocracy = 19
    moderate_left_wing = 28
    socialism = 20
    communist = 7
}
recruit_character = LIT_rolandas_paksas
recruit_character = LIT_artūras_paulauskas
recruit_character = LIT_algirdas_brazauskas
recruit_character = LIT_andrius_kubilius
recruit_character = LIT_rapolas_gediminas_sakalnikas
recruit_character = LIT_mindaugas_gervaldas
recruit_character = LIT_romualdas_ozolas
recruit_character = LIT_naglis_puteikis
recruit_character = LIT_ramunas_karbauskis
recruit_character = LIT_giedrius_petružis
recruit_character = LIT_paulius_gediminaitis
recruit_character = LIT_mykolas_rimša
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_vytautas_Žukas
recruit_character = LIT_arvydas_pocius
recruit_character = LIT_vitalijus_vaikšnoras
recruit_character = LIT_dainius_snarskis
recruit_character = LIT_valdemaras_rupšys
recruit_character = LIT_dalius_polekauskas
recruit_character = LIT_osvaldas_Žurauskas
recruit_character = LIT_vilmantas_tamošaitis
recruit_character = LIT_mindaugas_steponavičius
recruit_character = LIT_alvydas_Šiuparis
recruit_character = LIT_aušrius_buikus
recruit_character = LIT_tomas_masaitis
recruit_character = LIT_arturas_jasinskas
recruit_character = LIT_linas_kubilius
recruit_character = LIT_darius_masiulis
recruit_character = LIT_gintaras_bagdonas
recruit_character = LIT_ramūnas_baronas
recruit_character = LIT_danas_mockūnas
recruit_character = LIT_andriejus_grachauskas
recruit_character = LIT_gytis_kazokas
recruit_character = LIT_devis_martusevičius
recruit_character = LIT_nerijus_kačkaukas
recruit_character = LIT_audronis_navickas
recruit_character = LIT_alvydas_tamošiūnas
recruit_character = LIT_ovidijus_pilitauskas
recruit_character = LIT_arūnas_mockus
recruit_character = LIT_svajūnas_bandzevičius


2002.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = the_euro
}

2004.1.1 = { add_ideas = { idea_eu_member } }

2009.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Edikas Jagelavičius"
		picture = "Edikas_Jagelavicius.dds"
		ideology = leninist
	}
}

2012.12.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
		last_election = "2012.11.6"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        far_right = 3
        moderate_right_wing = 23
        moderate_right_wing = 6
        centrist_deocracy = 21
        moderate_left_wing = 27
        moderate_left_wing = 5
        socialism = 10
        communist = 5
    }
}

2013.1.1 = {

}

2015.4.17 = {

	oob = "LIT_2016"
	

}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 1
		name = "Flyvefisken-class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}