capital = 106

oob = "MAC_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_macedonian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	#eng_low
	
	## Industry ##
	#ind_low
	
	## Doctrines ##
	mobile_warfare = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	economy_tax_low
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_steady
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = centrist_deocracy
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 1
    far_right = 1
    moderate_right_wing = 33
    centrist_deocracy = 35
    moderate_left_wing = 20
    socialism = 10
}
recruit_character = MAC_boris_trajkovski
recruit_character = MAC_metodija_velichkovski
recruit_character = MAC_muhamet_islam_racaj
recruit_character = MAC_mirche_gjorgoski
recruit_character = MAC_ljupcho_stojkov
recruit_character = MAC_ferdo_pavlov
recruit_character = MAC_sasho_janev
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_jovanovski
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_ilov
recruit_character = MAC_toni_janevski
recruit_character = MAC_sasho_kocevski
recruit_character = MAC_zhivko_despotovski
recruit_character = MAC_dushko_nestorov
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_dodevski
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_mileski
recruit_character = MAC_pavle_arsoski
recruit_character = MAC_azim_nuredin
recruit_character = MAC_ljubencho_petrovski
recruit_character = MAC_orce_jordev
recruit_character = MAC_besnik_emini
recruit_character = MAC_zoran_filipovski
recruit_character = MAC_marjan_masevski
recruit_character = MAC_sasha_petrushevski
recruit_character = MAC_ivan_atanasovski
recruit_character = MAC_goran_kjirkovikj
recruit_character = MAC_marjan_simonovski
recruit_character = MAC_mile_donev
recruit_character = MAC_goran_petrushevski
recruit_character = MAC_boro_latkoski
recruit_character = MAC_ivica_cvetkovski
recruit_character = MAC_toni_zlatevski
recruit_character = MAC_vasil_mitevski
recruit_character = MAC_robert_malezanski
recruit_character = MAC_stefan_davidovski
recruit_character = MAC_ilarion_sutovic
recruit_character = MAC_zlatan_pavlovski
recruit_character = MAC_emil_ristic
recruit_character = MAC_zlatan_mitrevski
recruit_character = MAC_ljudmil_petkov
recruit_character = MAC_borko_pandev
recruit_character = MAC_ljupco_nedelkovski
recruit_character = MAC_borko_grijevski
recruit_character = MAC_naum_georgievski
recruit_character = MAC_filip_zoranovski


2015.1.1 = {

}
