capital = 767

oob = "NGA_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 260
set_stability = 0.15

set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_hausa
set_country_flag = country_language_yoruba
set_country_flag = country_language_igbo
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	#eng_low
	
	## Industry ##
	#ind_low
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	economy_boom
	economy_tax_high
	public_safety_secret_police
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_explosion
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1999.2.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 2
    far_right = 2
    moderate_right_wing = 69
    centrist_deocracy = 3
    moderate_left_wing = 18
    communist = 6
}
recruit_character = NGA_goodluck_jonathan
recruit_character = NGA_muhammadu_buhari
recruit_character = NGA_okey_nwosu
recruit_character = NGA_adebisi_akande
recruit_character = NGA_joseph_avazi
recruit_character = NGA_segun_sango
recruit_character = NGA_alhaji_abdulkadir_abdulsalam
recruit_character = NGA_tanko_yinusa
recruit_character = NGA_abubakar_shekau
recruit_character = NGA_t.y._buratai
recruit_character = NGA_k.t.j._minimah
recruit_character = NGA_a._oyebade
recruit_character = NGA_c.m._abraham
recruit_character = NGA_p.j._dauke
recruit_character = NGA_e.o._udoh
recruit_character = NGA_v.o._ezugwu
recruit_character = NGA_e.b._oyefolu
recruit_character = NGA_a.b._abubakar
recruit_character = NGA_m.a._koleoso
recruit_character = NGA_s._abubakar
recruit_character = NGA_kenneth_minimah
recruit_character = NGA_martin_luther_agwai
recruit_character = NGA_abayomi_olonisakin
recruit_character = NGA_abdulrahman_bello_dambazau
recruit_character = NGA_alexander_ogomudia
recruit_character = NGA_andrew_azazi
recruit_character = NGA_turker_yusuf_buratai
recruit_character = NGA_d._j._ezeoba
recruit_character = NGA_ishaya_ibrahim
recruit_character = NGA_u._o._jibrin
recruit_character = NGA_i.e._ibas
recruit_character = NGA_u.o._jibrin
recruit_character = NGA_emem_pepple
recruit_character = NGA_oluwasegun_nenge
recruit_character = NGA_abidemi_odusanya


2014.1.1 = { add_stability = 0.05 }

2015.3.28 = {
	oob = "NGA_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = centrist_deocracy
		last_election = "2015.3.28"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        authoritarianism = 18
        far_right = 4
        moderate_right_wing = 2
        moderate_right_wing = 30
        moderate_right_wing = 2
        centrist_deocracy = 40
        moderate_left_wing = 4
    }
}