capital = 110

oob = "NOR_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "NOR_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "NOR_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 480
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = country_language_norwegian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	naval_bomber3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_constitutional_monarchy
	national_development_developed
	welfare_modest_assistance
	population_growth_decline
	free_trade
	limited_conscription
	civil_liberties_free
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing 
	last_election = "1997.9.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    moderate_right_wing = 49
    centrist_deocracy = 10
    moderate_left_wing = 33
    socialism = 8
}
recruit_character = NOR_kjell_magne_bondevik
recruit_character = NOR_tore_tvedt
recruit_character = NOR_max_hermansen
recruit_character = NOR_harald_v
recruit_character = NOR_siv_jensen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_petersen
recruit_character = NOR_thorbjorn_jagland
recruit_character = NOR_kristin_halvorsen
recruit_character = NOR_turid_thomassen
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_bruunhanssen
recruit_character = NOR_erik_gustafsson
recruit_character = NOR_robert_mood
recruit_character = NOR_harald_sunde
recruit_character = NOR_anders_jernberg
recruit_character = NOR_arild_dregelid
recruit_character = NOR_eldar_berli
recruit_character = NOR_inge_kampenes
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_sakserud
recruit_character = NOR_jan_erik_thoresen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_frederik_geiner
recruit_character = NOR_jan_per_ole_janitz
recruit_character = NOR_jon_ivar_kjellin
recruit_character = NOR_kjell_grandhagen
recruit_character = NOR_kurt_pedersen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_christian_aamodt
recruit_character = NOR_morten_haga_lunde
recruit_character = NOR_nils_johan_holte
recruit_character = NOR_ingvar_seland
recruit_character = NOR_frode_kristoffersen
recruit_character = NOR_oddandreas_søbstad
recruit_character = NOR_odin_johannessen
recruit_character = NOR_ole_asbjørn_fauske
recruit_character = NOR_per_egil_rygg
recruit_character = NOR_petter_jansen
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_erik_bjerk
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_jakobsen
recruit_character = NOR_tom_guttormsen
recruit_character = NOR_tonje_skinnarland
recruit_character = NOR_tor_rune_raabye
recruit_character = NOR_yngve_odlo
recruit_character = NOR_janerik_haug
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_halset
recruit_character = NOR_aril_brandvik
recruit_character = NOR_ingrid_gjerde
recruit_character = NOR_ole_johan_skogmo
recruit_character = NOR_roy_helge_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_svein_harald_halvorsen
recruit_character = NOR_louise_kathrine_dedichen
recruit_character = NOR_jan_knudtzon_sommerfeltpetersen
recruit_character = NOR_ketil_olsen
recruit_character = NOR_lars_saunes
recruit_character = NOR_per_rostad
recruit_character = NOR_nils_andreas_stensønes
recruit_character = NOR_henning_amundsen
recruit_character = NOR_håkon_tronstad
recruit_character = NOR_trond_grytting
recruit_character = NOR_bernt_grimstvedt
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_nordahl_engeness
recruit_character = NOR_christian_vilberg
recruit_character = NOR_hans_berg
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_wergeland


2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "NOR_2016"

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_right_wing 
		last_election = "2013.9.9"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        moderate_right_wing = 8
        moderate_right_wing = 16
        moderate_right_wing = 25
        centrist_deocracy = 10
        moderate_left_wing = 25
        moderate_left_wing = 8
        socialism = 8
    }

}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nordkapp-class Offshore Patrol Vessel"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oksøy-class Mine Hunter"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Alta-class Minesweeper"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 1
		name = "Alta-class Minesweeper"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_sweeper_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 2
		name = "Skjold-class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Oslo-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Nordkapp-class Offshore Patrol Vessel"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Nuclear Sub 2
		name = "Ula-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_n1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}