capital = 440

oob = "PAK_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "PAK_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "PAK_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 320
set_stability = 0.15

set_country_flag = country_language_urdu
set_country_flag = country_language_english

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	nuclear_reactor = 1
	nukes = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	trench_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	force_rotation = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

set_country_flag = dominant_religion_islam
set_country_flag = sunni_islam

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	economy_tax_high
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_rapid
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}
2010.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		government_system_parliamentary_republic
	}
}

give_military_access = USA

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarianism
	last_election = "1998.2.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 5
    moderate_right_wing = 20
    authoritarianism = 45
    centrist_deocracy = 10
    moderate_left_wing = 6
    communist = 14
}
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_rafiq_tarar
recruit_character = PAK_yakub_habeebuddin_tucy
recruit_character = PAK_fazlurrehman
recruit_character = PAK_pervez_musharraf
recruit_character = PAK_mir_hasil_khan_bizenjo
recruit_character = PAK_bilawal_bhutto_zardari
recruit_character = PAK_altaf_hussain
recruit_character = PAK_jameel_ahmad_malik
recruit_character = PAK_afrasiab_khattak
recruit_character = PAK_nawaz_sharif
recruit_character = PAK_imran_khan
recruit_character = PAK_ashfaq_parvez_kayani
recruit_character = PAK_zubair_mahmood_hayat
recruit_character = PAK_qamar_javed_bajwa
recruit_character = PAK_azhar_saleh_abbasi
recruit_character = PAK_raheel_sharif
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_aziz_khan
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zafar_iqbal
recruit_character = PAK_ishfaq_nadeem_ahmad
recruit_character = PAK_sadiq_ali
recruit_character = PAK_ikram_ul_haq
recruit_character = PAK_zaheerulislam
recruit_character = PAK_shahid_baig_mirza
recruit_character = PAK_naveed_mukhtar
recruit_character = PAK_sher_afgun
recruit_character = PAK_athar_abbas
recruit_character = PAK_nazir_ahmed_butt
recruit_character = PAK_hidayat_ur_rehman
recruit_character = PAK_nauman_mahmood
recruit_character = PAK_aamer_riaz
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zahid_latif_mirza
recruit_character = PAK_khalid_rabbani
recruit_character = PAK_mian_muhammad_hilal_hussein
recruit_character = PAK_sohail_aman
recruit_character = PAK_umar_farooq_burki
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zakaullah
recruit_character = PAK_hasham_siddique
recruit_character = PAK_zafar_mahmood_abbasi
recruit_character = PAK_shah_sohail_masood
recruit_character = PAK_khaleem_shaukat
recruit_character = PAK_sajid_wazir_khan
recruit_character = PAK_mukhtar_khan
recruit_character = PAK_moazzam_ilyas
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_amjad_khan_niazi
recruit_character = PAK_karamat_nabiullah


2013.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {		
		ruling_party = authoritarianism
		last_election = "2013.5.11"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 13
    moderate_right_wing = 20
    authoritarianism = 39
    centrist_deocracy = 10
    moderate_left_wing = 18
}
}

2015.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		last_election = "2013.5.11"
		elections_allowed = yes
		ruling_party = authoritarianism
		election_frequency = 48
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 1
		name = "Leander-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 2
		name = "Tariq-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Diesel Sub 1
		name = "Daphné-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Nuclear Sub 2
		name = "Agosta-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_n1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}