capital = 301

oob = "PAR_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_spanish
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

add_ideas = {
	economy_tax_low
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_steady
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    authoritarianism = 1
    far_right = 1
    moderate_right_wing = 36
    centrist_deocracy = 25
    moderate_left_wing = 15
    socialism = 10
    communist = 10
}
recruit_character = PAR_luis_Ángel_gonzález_macchi
recruit_character = PAR_fernando_lugo
recruit_character = PAR_najeeb_amado
recruit_character = PAR_braulio_piris_rojas
recruit_character = PAR_bernardino_soto_estigarribia
recruit_character = PAR_juan_josé_casaccia_furiasse
recruit_character = PAR_eladio_gonzalez_aguilar
recruit_character = PAR_fidel_duranona
recruit_character = PAR_josé_maria_duarte
recruit_character = PAR_hugo_milciades_scolari_pagliaro
recruit_character = PAR_paulo_maria_gomez_benitez
recruit_character = PAR_ignacio_corrico
recruit_character = PAR_hernando_daza
recruit_character = PAR_ruperto_guilarte
recruit_character = PAR_alejandro_la_mar
recruit_character = PAR_jorge_la_mar
recruit_character = PAR_isidoro_castilla
recruit_character = PAR_juan_antonio_toro
recruit_character = PAR_hilarión_fernández
recruit_character = PAR_josé_miguel_baquedano



2015.1.1 = {

}