capital = 275

oob = "SAF_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SAF_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SAF_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 535
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_afrikaans
set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_southern_ndebele
set_country_flag = country_language_northern_sotho
set_country_flag = country_language_sotho
set_country_flag = country_language_swazi
set_country_flag = country_language_tsonga
set_country_flag = country_language_tswana
set_country_flag = country_language_venda
set_country_flag = country_language_xhosa
set_country_flag = country_language_zulu

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	force_rotation = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	population_growth_steady
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1999.6.2"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    moderate_right_wing = 19
    centrist_deocracy = 15
    moderate_left_wing = 65
    socialism = 1
}
recruit_character = SAF_thabo_mbeki
recruit_character = SAF_tony_leon
recruit_character = SAF_mangosuthu_buthelezi
recruit_character = SAF_kenneth_meshoe
recruit_character = SAF_pieter_mulder
recruit_character = SAF_luthando_mbinda
recruit_character = SAF_judy_sole
recruit_character = SAF_lybon_masapa
recruit_character = SAF_wasfie_hassiem
recruit_character = SAF_lindile_yam
recruit_character = SAF_gerhard_kamffer
recruit_character = SAF_godfrey_ngwenya
recruit_character = SAF_solly_shoke
recruit_character = SAF_lawrence_smith
recruit_character = SAF_andre_retief
recruit_character = SAF_willis_nkosi
recruit_character = SAF_rudzani_maphwanya
recruit_character = SAF_samuel_hlongwane
recruit_character = SAF_bubele_mhlana
recruit_character = SAF_hanno_teuteberg
recruit_character = SAF_eugene_cilliers
recruit_character = SAF_dirkie_retief
recruit_character = SAF_joubert_de_la_rey


2008.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = moderate_left_wing
		long_name = SAF_moderate_left_wing_party_COPE_long
		name = SAF_moderate_left_wing_party_COPE
	}
}

2013.1.1 = {
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = communist
		long_name = SAF_communist_party_EFF_long
		name = SAF_communist_party_EFF
	}
}

2014.5.7 = {
	oob = "SAF_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
		last_election = "2014.5.7"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        moderate_right_wing = 2
        moderate_right_wing = 1
        moderate_right_wing = 3
        centrist_deocracy = 25
        moderate_left_wing = 60
        moderate_left_wing = 1
        socialism = 1
        communist = 7
    }
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Diesel Sub 1
		name = "Daphné-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}