capital = 141	

oob = "SWE_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SWE_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SWE_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 140
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_swedish

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	trench_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_constitutional_monarchy
	national_development_developed
	welfare_considerable_assistance
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	civil_liberties_free
	population_growth_stagnation
	idea_eu_member
	neutrality_idea
}

#Date is inaccurate, the country flag is the most important part
1998.1.1 = {
	set_country_flag = european_union_member_state
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1998.9.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    moderate_right_wing = 37
    centrist_deocracy = 9
    moderate_left_wing = 41
    socialism = 12
    communist = 1
}
recruit_character = SWE_göran_persson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi
recruit_character = SWE_daniel_höglund
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_jansson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_steen
recruit_character = SWE_alf_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bo_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_lars_leijonborg
recruit_character = SWE_lotta_hedström
recruit_character = SWE_gudrun_schyman
recruit_character = SWE_rolf_hagel
recruit_character = SWE_abdirizak_waberi
recruit_character = SWE_karl_engelbrektson
recruit_character = SWE_micael_bydén
recruit_character = SWE_anders_brännström
recruit_character = SWE_berndt_grundevik
recruit_character = SWE_anders_silwer
recruit_character = SWE_christer_tistam
recruit_character = SWE_michael_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_frisell
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_ahlgren
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_teddy_larsson
recruit_character = SWE_roland_ekenberg
recruit_character = SWE_peder_ohlsson
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_stahlberg
recruit_character = SWE_jan_demarkesse
recruit_character = SWE_johan_pekkari
recruit_character = SWE_mats_helgeson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_alexandersson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_magnus_r._svensson
recruit_character = SWE_dag_lidén
recruit_character = SWE_dennis_gyllensporre
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_lotsne
recruit_character = SWE_lars_karlsson
recruit_character = SWE_mathias_holmqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mattias_hanson
recruit_character = SWE_michael_ginér
recruit_character = SWE_nils_johansson
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_hjorth
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_fredriksson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_pettersson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_sandborg
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_smedman
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_eva_skoog_haslum
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_hagren
recruit_character = SWE_lena_hallin
recruit_character = SWE_jens_nykvist
recruit_character = SWE_erik_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_jan_thörnqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mats_agnéus
recruit_character = SWE_anders_olovsson

2002.1.1 = {

}


2003.1.1 = {

}

2004.1.1 = {

}

2005.1.1 = {

}

2005.11.1 = {

}

2007.1.11 = {

}

2011.1.1 = {
	
}
	
2012.1.1 = {

}
	
2015.1.1 = {

}

2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "SWE_2016"

	set_politics = {	
		ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
		last_election = "2014.9.14"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
    set_popularities = {
        far_right = 1
        moderate_right_wing = 14
        moderate_right_wing = 6
        moderate_right_wing = 24
        centrist_deocracy = 6
        moderate_left_wing = 32
        moderate_left_wing = 8
        socialism = 7
        communist = 2
    }
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 2
		name = "Stockholm-class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Destroyers ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Destroyer 2
		name = "Patrol Destroyer"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Nuclear Sub 2
		name = "Gotland-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_n1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}