capital = 151

oob = "SWI_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.85

set_country_flag = country_language_german
set_country_flag = country_language_french
set_country_flag = country_language_italian
set_country_flag = country_language_romansh

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber3 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	trench_warfare = 1
	formation_flying = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	national_development_developed
	economy_tax_low
	civil_liberties_free
	population_growth_decline
	swiss_political_system
	neutrality_idea
	free_trade
	welfare_modest_assistance
	limited_conscription
}

give_guarantee = LIC

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1999.9.24"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    far_right = 2
    moderate_right_wing = 53
    centrist_deocracy = 16
    moderate_left_wing = 27
    socialism = 2
}
recruit_character = SWI_adolf_ogi
recruit_character = SWI_rudolf_keller
recruit_character = SWI_johann_schneiderammann
recruit_character = SWI_doris_leuthard
recruit_character = SWI_moritz_leuenberger
recruit_character = SWI_dominic_luthard
recruit_character = SWI_josef_zisyadis
recruit_character = SWI_marianne_huguenin
recruit_character = SWI_ruth_genner
recruit_character = SWI_philippe_rebord
recruit_character = SWI_andré_blattmann
recruit_character = SWI_aldo_c._schellenberg
recruit_character = SWI_jeanpaul_theler
recruit_character = SWI_thomas_kaiser
recruit_character = SWI_daniel_keller
recruit_character = SWI_willy_brülisauer
recruit_character = SWI_peter_baumgartner
recruit_character = SWI_hans_schori
recruit_character = SWI_laurent_michaud
recruit_character = SWI_raynald_droz
recruit_character = SWI_alain_vuitel
recruit_character = SWI_fredy_keller
recruit_character = SWI_hans_schatzmann
recruit_character = SWI_claude_meier
recruit_character = SWI_franz_nager
recruit_character = SWI_daniel_baumgartner
recruit_character = SWI_rené_wellinger
recruit_character = SWI_yvon_langel
recruit_character = SWI_mathias_tüscher
recruit_character = SWI_alexander_kohli
recruit_character = SWI_martin_vögeli
recruit_character = SWI_maurizio_dattrino
recruit_character = SWI_erik_labara
recruit_character = SWI_roland_favre
recruit_character = SWI_hanspeter_walser
recruit_character = SWI_lucas_caduff
recruit_character = SWI_hanspeter_kellerhals
recruit_character = SWI_dominique_andrey
recruit_character = SWI_marc_funk
recruit_character = SWI_gustave_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_marc_comtesse


2001.1.1 = {
	complete_national_focus = SWI_strengthen_the_government
	complete_national_focus = SWI_join_the_united_nations
	complete_national_focus = SWI_economic_independence
	complete_national_focus = SWI_join_schengen
	complete_national_focus = SWI_additional_military_facilities
	complete_national_focus = SWI_strengthen_the_fdfa
	complete_national_focus = SWI_strengthen_the_fdha
	
	complete_national_focus = SWI_the_cern_project
	complete_national_focus = SWI_the_large_hadron_collider
	complete_national_focus = SWI_geneva_industrial_project
	
	complete_national_focus = SWI_military_expansion
}

2015.9.18 = {
	oob = "SWI_2016"

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
		last_election = "2015.9.18"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        far_right = 1
        moderate_right_wing = 29
        moderate_right_wing = 10
        moderate_right_wing = 16
        centrist_deocracy = 11
        moderate_left_wing = 20
        moderate_left_wing = 12
        socialism = 1
    }
	
}