capital = 546

oob = "TZN_2000"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 300
set_stability = 0.25

set_country_flag = country_language_swahili
set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_behavior_dispersed
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	#eng_low
	
	## Industry ##
	#ind_low
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

add_ideas = {
	national_development_undeveloped
	economy_growth
	economy_tax_high
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_rapid
	african_union_member
	commonwealth_of_nations_member
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
	last_election = "1995.11.29"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    moderate_right_wing = 10
    centrist_deocracy = 5
    moderate_left_wing = 85
}
recruit_character = TZN_benjamin_mkapa
recruit_character = TZN_augustine_mrema
recruit_character = TZN_ibrahim_lipumba
recruit_character = TZN_freeman_mbowe
recruit_character = TZN_zitto_kabwe
recruit_character = TZN_christopher_mtikila
recruit_character = TZN_augusto_mrema
recruit_character = TZN_davis_mwamunyange
recruit_character = TZN_venance_salvatory_mabeyo
recruit_character = TZN_ramadhan_abdul_kimweri
recruit_character = TZN_james_mwakibolwa
recruit_character = TZN_gaudence_milanzi
recruit_character = TZN_jairos_mwaseba
recruit_character = TZN_aaron_robert_lukyaa
recruit_character = TZN_samuel_albert_ndomba
recruit_character = TZN_charles_lawrence_mkakala
recruit_character = TZN_salum_mustafa_kijuu
recruit_character = TZN_raphael_mugoya_muhuga
recruit_character = TZN_jackson_king_mrema
recruit_character = TZN_sara_thomas_rwambali
recruit_character = TZN_clemence_quadrates_kahama
recruit_character = TZN_hamis_issa_majumba
recruit_character = TZN_saleh_omar_semtua
recruit_character = TZN_ezra_wilson_ndimgwango
recruit_character = TZN_joseph_cosmas_chengelela
recruit_character = TZN_joseph_furaha_kapwani
recruit_character = TZN_william_ingram
recruit_character = TZN_michael_isamuhyo
recruit_character = TZN_paul_ignace_mella
recruit_character = TZN_wynjones_kisamba
recruit_character = TZN_rogastian_shaaban_laswai
recruit_character = TZN_juma_pinda
recruit_character = TZN_dully_kinyonga
recruit_character = TZN_wilson_mhando
recruit_character = TZN_thomas_pinda
recruit_character = TZN_benjamin_kikwete


2015.10.25 = {
	oob = "TZN_2016"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
		last_election = "2015.10.25"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
}

    set_popularities = {
        moderate_right_wing = 30
        centrist_deocracy = 10
        moderate_left_wing = 5
        moderate_left_wing = 55
    }
}