capital = 202

oob = "UKR_2000"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "UKR_2000_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "UKR_2000_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 175
set_stability = 0.4

set_country_flag = country_language_ukrainian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	superior_firepower = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	economy_growth
	public_safety_secret_police
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	civil_liberties_restricted
	population_growth_steady
	limited_conscription
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = moderate_right_wing
	last_election = "1999.10.31"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    moderate_right_wing = 56
    centrist_deocracy = 4
    moderate_left_wing = 5
    socialism = 5
    communist = 30
}
recruit_character = UKR_borys_skoropadsky
recruit_character = UKR_leonid_kuchma
recruit_character = UKR_yuriy_shuhevych
recruit_character = UKR_oleh_tyahnybok
recruit_character = UKR_yuriy_boyko
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_rybak
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_yushchenko
recruit_character = UKR_oleh_lyashko
recruit_character = UKR_denys_moskal
recruit_character = UKR_oleksander_moroz
recruit_character = UKR_petro_symonenko
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_muzhenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_popko
recruit_character = UKR_anatoly_shevchenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_zabrodskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_lokota
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_drozdov
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_shaptala
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_zubanich
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_nikolyuk
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_shvorak
recruit_character = UKR_grygoriy_padchenko
recruit_character = UKR_myhaylo_koval
recruit_character = UKR_myhaylo_kucyn
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_kuzmuk
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_skypalskiy
recruit_character = UKR_vilen_martyrosyan
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_zamana
recruit_character = UKR_ihor_voronchenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_hayduk
recruit_character = UKR_konstantin_vasylyev



2014.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = moderate_left_wing
		elections_allowed = yes
		election_frequency = 48
		last_election = "2013.8.20"
	}

    set_popularities = {
        far_right = 5
        moderate_right_wing = 5
        moderate_right_wing = 25
        moderate_right_wing = 35
        centrist_deocracy = 5
        moderate_left_wing = 5
        communist = 20
    }
}

2014.3.1 = {
	oob = "UKR_2016"
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = SOV
		modifier = annexed_ukraine
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = SOV
		modifier = annexed_ukraine_trade
	}
	set_stability = 0.1
}

2014.7.1 = {
	set_country_flag = ukraine_minsk_agreement
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 2000 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	## Corvettes ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 1
		name = "Grisha-class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = { #Corvette 2
		name = "Tarantul-class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Frigates ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Frigate 2
		name = "Krivak-class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	## Submarines ##
	create_equipment_variant = { #Diesel Sub 1
		name = "Foxtrot-class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}